Update EWS export documentation with truncation warning (#416)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/exchange-web-services/how-to-export-items-by-using-ews-in-exchange.md

</s:Body>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > It is possible for data to be truncated in some uncommon scenarios.  If this happens, the EWS response will contain the string "=== Truncated Data ===" at the end.  The client application should treat this as a transient error and retry the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It's possible for data to be truncated in some uncommon scenarios. This can happen due to various reasons, such as a failure to run a full backup, a backup software error, or a lack of disk space. If this happens, the EWS response will contain the string "=== Truncated Data ===" at the end.  To address this issue, the client application should treat this as a transient error and retry the request.
```
